docs: new upstream annotation format for peering (#13504)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/docs/k8s/annotations-and-labels.mdx

  local port to listen for those connections. When transparent proxy is enabled,
  this annotation is optional.

>   - There are a few formats this annotation can take:

Author: I moved the indentation up and made that statement part of the previous paragraph, thanks!

>   - There are a few formats this annotation can take:

Author: Yeah I agree it would be nice to organize this a bit better

          Enterprise Namespaces](#consul-enterprise-namespaces) below for more details on configuring the injector.
          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].[service-namespace]:[port]:[optional datacenter]"
          ```
          -> **NOTE:** If the namespace is not specified it will default to the namespace
          of the source service.

          ~> **WARNING:** Setting a namespace when not using Consul Enterprise or using a version < 1.7
          is not supported. It will be treated as part of the service name.

        - Consul Enterprise Admin Partition
          When using Consul Enterprise Admin Partitions [1.11+], your upstream services may be running in a different
          partition. You must specify the namespace when specifying a partition, and the datacenter must be your local
          datacenter if specified. Communicating across partitions using this method is only supported within a
          datacenter. For cross partition communication across datacenters, see [cluster

>           peering](/docs/connect/cluster-peering/k8s).

Author: Yup!

          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].[service-namespace].[service-partition]:[port]:[optional datacenter]"
          ```
      - [Prepared Query](/docs/connect/proxies#dynamic-upstreams-require-native-integration):
        Prepared query upstreams can use the format below.
        ```yaml
        annotations:
          'consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams': 'prepared_query:[query name]:[port]'
        ```

      - Labeled (requires consul-k8s v0.45.0+):
        The labeled format is required when using the cluster peering feature and specifying an upstream in another
        peer. It also supports specifying Consul Enterprise Namespace, Partition, or Datacenter. Only one of peer,
        datacenter, or partition can be specified.
        - Service Name
          To specify the upstream service, you can provide the name of the service, followed by `.svc`.
          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].svc:[port]"
          ```

>         - Peer or Datacenter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Peer or datacenter: Place the peer or datacenter after `svc.` followed by either `peer` or `dc` and the port number.
```

          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].svc.[service-peer].peer:[port]"
          ```
          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].svc.[service-dc].dc:[port]"
          ```

>         - Consul Enterprise
>           You can specify a Consul Enterprise Namespace

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Namespace (required Consul Enterprise): Place the namespace after `svc.` followed by `ns` and the port number.
```

          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].svc.[service-namespace].ns:[port]"
          ```

>           When specifying a peer, datacenter or Consul Enterprise Admin Partition when namespaces are enabled, you must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          When specifying a peer, datacenter, or admin partition when namespaces are enabled, you must
```

>           provide the namespace and one of (peer, datacenter, partition).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          provide the namespace and a peer, datacenter, or partition.
```

          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].svc.[service-namespace].ns.[service-peer].peer:[port]"
          ```
          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].svc.[service-namespace].ns.[service-partition].ap:[port]"
          ```
          ```yaml
          annotations:
            "consul.hashicorp.com/connect-service-upstreams":"[service-name].svc.[service-namespace].ns.[service-dc].dc:[port]"
          ```

>       - Multiple Upstreams
> 
>         If you would like to specify multiple services or upstreams, delimit them with commas. They can be of any of the Unlabeled, Labeled, or Prepared Query formats above when using the supported versions for the formats.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - Multiple upstreams: Delimit multiple services or upstreams with commas. You can specify any of the unlabeled, labeled, or prepared query formats when using the supported versions for the formats.
```
